
This project is designed to perform non-adiabatic molecular dynamics (NAMD) simultion in momentum space, in which the non-adiabatic couplings (NACs) are replaced by electron-phonon (e-p) interaction matrix.

The code is based on the namd code written by Qijing Zheng from USTC.
For more information please visit https://github.com/QijingZheng/Hefei-NAMD

Version 1.0.0
Read epc data from QE & EPW package, Read MD trajectory from VASP for phonon decomposition.
Then caculate couplings from e-p interation to replace the NA couplings.
To use e-p couplings, you need set LEPC=.TRUE. and NKPOINTS in inp file, and for INICON file, you should add a third line to specify initial k point.

Version 1.0.2
Add FILEPC, FILPH, FILMD tags, to specify files for reading epc data.

Version 1.1.0
Add KMIN, KMAX tags to choose k points for surface hopping simulation.

Version 1.2.1
Read interpolated e-p matrix of dense k & q mesh and use phonon number obey Bose-Einstein distribution to construct e-p couplings.
Add a input parameter EPCTYPE to control methods for construct e-p couplings: 
EPCTYPE = 1, e-p matrix is multiplied by phonon number obey Bose-Einstein distribution (Default). 
   Need to set FILEPC as path of directory which contain infomation of e-p couplings. FILPH and FILMD is unnecessary.
EPCTYPE = 2, e-p matrix is multiplied by normal coordinate of phonon modes calculated by phonon decomposition from MD trajectory.
   Need to set FILEPC (informations of e-p coupling), FILPH (information of phonon modes) and FILMD (MD trajectory).

Version 1.2.2
For NAMDTIME > NSW-1, use NA couplings from initial time repeatedly.
If use LEPC=.TRUE. and EPCTYPE=1, the couplings do not change by time, can set NSW = 2
and set long NAMDTIME to reduce size of coupling files.
For other case, we can use not so long NSW to simulate long NAMDTIME molecular dynamics.

Version 1.3.0
Add API for reading e-ph matrix from PERTURBO output file.
Need to install hdf5, and its lib to Makefile. Because the PERTURBO file is in form of hdf5.

Version 1.3.1
Add EMIN, EMAX tags to choose states in specified energy range.
Selected basises are outputted to file BASSEL, which in form of nk lines and nbands rows numbers.
The number >0 represent the corresponding state is choosen, 
and the number is the state's serial number among the basises.

Version 1.3.2
Remove the energy conservation operation because the energy conservation 
is contained in the time-dependent Schrodinger equation naturely.

Version 1.4.0
Redesign the type 2 epc calculation, in which the phonon informations are read from perturbo output file.
